More nit fixes (#240)
ietf-wg-jsonpath/draft-ietf-jsonpath-base: draft-ietf-jsonpath-base.md

| `$[0, 3]` | `"a"` <br> `"d"` | `$[0]` <br> `$[3]` | Indices |
| `$[0:2, 5]` | `"a"` <br> `"b"` <br> `"f"` | `$[0]` <br> `$[1]` <br> `$[5]` | Slice and index |
| `$[0, 0]` | `"a"` <br> `"a"` | `$[0]` <br> `$[0]` | Duplicated entries |
| `$[7]["n", "p"]` | `"v"` <br> `"x"` | `$[7]['n']` <br> `$[7]['p']` | Dot child |

> | `$[? @ <= "b" || @ >= "g", 2]` | `"a"` <br> `"b"` <br> `"g"` <br> `"c"` | `$[0]` <br> `$[1]` <br> `$[6]` <br> `$[2]` | Filter and index |

Author: Note that these examples give some [current implementations](https://jsonpath.herokuapp.com/) considerable trouble!

Single quotes are used to delimit string member names. This reduces the number of characters that
need escaping when Normalized Paths appear as strings (which are delimited with double quotes) in JSON texts.

The syntax of Normalized Paths is restricted so that there is one and only one way of identifying a given node.

> Putting this another way, two distinct Normalized Paths are never equivalent to each other: there will always be a JSON value

Author: @goessner How about this?
```suggestion
Putting this another way, two distinct Normalized Paths are never equivalent to each other: there will always be at least one JSON value
```

Reviewer: hmm ... a little better. The more I think about this I tend more towards formulating 1459 sharper, so that we can skip 1460 all together.

Proposal:

`The syntax of Normalized Paths is restricted so that any Normalized Path identifies one and only one single given node.`

that yields distinct results when those paths are applied to it.

> 

Author: I think that direction is even more confusing personally.
